All right.
So welcome back.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to take this data that we loaded earlier on like five minutes
ago and then we're going to train declassified.
So first let's get a classified from a scale learned so declassified that we're going to use its SVM
now.
This is not deep learning classified but we start with the basics because it's much easier to explain
it at this point later on when we start with get us we're going to cover a deeper and classified as
well.
We're in fact quite a lot of detail is going to be spent on that.
So for now let's just import SVM and let's create a classified object classified as equal to SVM not
as we see now.
Gamma is equal to zero point zero zero one c is equal to one hundred.
Now don't worry about the specific values over here or what the parameters are what they mean.
They're not really a concern here.
What you need to understand is that we have classified all that here and we have told it some parameters.
So the classified is going to modify its learning based on these two values later on when we move on
to deep learning we're going to take this whole thing out.
We're going to throw it away and we're going to start with our own classified and then we'll explain
what the classifier how you can modify the classifier how your decisions that went to affected those
are going to become a literal and for now let's just take this on face value and use it for now to learn.
Right.
So now we have this classified all here.
And it's supposed to learn from the data.
So what we're going to do is we're going to call the fifth function which essentially means learn right.
So Fred again the terminology will be later on but for now understand that it essentially means that
take this data learn from it.
So we're going to give it digit stock data and we're going to give it everything except the last one.
Right.
So that is going to be our input data.
So colon up until minus one so we're going to skip the last data point because that is going to be used
for testing the machine once it claims that it has learned it.
Similarly we're going to give it did it stop target and we're going to give it all the targets except
the last one.
So we know that and this doesn't take much time because this is a very simple algorithm and we have
a very small amount of data and so it outputs some stuff over here but not really concerned with what
those values are or what what it's saying it's nothing important at this point.
The important point is that the machine claims that it has now learned.
So let's test whether it really has learned.
So we going to say yet I've got to predict.
So essentially we're saying.
All right.
You claim that you understand everything.
Now take this one data point and predict what it is right.
So we're going to give it digit store data and now we're going to give it the last value that we held
back earlier on.
And let's see whether it predicts the output correctly or not.
So what it's saying is that it's an eight.
Right.
So how do we know whether it is an eight.
So we can go here and see that it is indeed and it is very important that you go back over here and
understand that the actual learning has happened in these two lines.
So here we specified how the learner should learn.
So essentially we set it up.
We told it how it should do learning and then we showed it some examples.
Now if you change any of these values for instance if you change it to 0.01 and then ran it again it's
going to predict something.
No it doesn't predict something else for these specific values but let's say maybe we can go ahead and
call it point nine and see these four to 10.
It might predict something else tonight is predicting a three.
So obviously this has some effect on the final predictions.
And in essence the learning so the differences in models are going to affect our predictions sometimes
we'll be right sometimes we'll be wrong and essentially in this course what we're going to do is we're
not going to cover SVM we're going to cover deep learning and we're going to see how our decisions are
going to affect the output.
So let's take this back to our original values and make sure we get an update.
So yes we're getting an eight.
But how do we take a look at the image.
So let's go ahead and say match live in line so that Buffalo is the laboratory for plotting.
And by then we're going to import an empire and b this is our numeric computation library from that.
We're going to import by block party.
So this is going to be our plotting library and we're going to be a little bigger fake size is equal
to to to commit to and finding legal going to say and sure.
So this is short for Mitchell and we're going to say digits dot images minus one.
So this is the last image that we had back and was predicted by the has an eight over them to say interpolation
is equal to the rest and see map is equal to p and t see in my area.
So this is simply to block the image so that we can see what it looks like.
Now this doesn't look like anything at the moment but if you squint a little bit you can see that it
looks like an H with this edge missing over here.
So let me help you squint.
So let's reduce the image size to zero point four and you will see that it kind of looks like an eight.
So it's difficult for us to understand what it looks like but the machine has really done a good job
of predicting that it really is any.
And we know it's an eight because in our dataset we can actually see that this is an eight.
So let's go back and take a look at this over here so these two lines are what did the actual learning.
So we're reloading the data.
We started to classify the short term data to the classifier and then we made some predictions to test
whether it really hasn't done this stuff.
This is going to be our workflow throughout the course we're going to take a look at what kind of models
we can have How to Train data and how to give it data and create it and then how to test it out.
Now this portion is typically the most left out portion in all machine learning coaches.
They simply tell you just as we did right now datasets double digits datasets not load Iris.
And the problem that you face and newbies typically face people who just dart into what you're learning
even if they're really really good at machine learning and they understand all the models they don't
really don't know how to turn this into their own or apply this to their own problems because this is
a black box.
We don't know how to do something loaded and this is what we're going to cover in our case study in
this course.
So we're going to move ahead with a little bit of theory in the next week or so that we understand what
specifically is happening over here and then we go right back to our implementations to get us.